crypto: support RFC 2818 compatible checkHost (#41569)
nodejs/node: doc/api/crypto.md

Checks whether the certificate matches the given email address.

> If the `'subject'` option is set to '`always`' and if the subject alternative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `'subject'` option is set to `'always'` and if the subject alternative
```

comparisons are case-insensitive, the returned subject name might also differ
from the given `name` in capitalization.

> If the `'subject'` option is set to '`always`' and if the subject alternative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `'subject'` option is set to `'always'` and if the subject alternative
```

name extension either does not exist or does not contain a matching DNS name,
the certificate subject is considered.

> If the `'subject'` option is set to `'default`', the certificate subject is only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `'subject'` option is set to `'default'`, the certificate subject is only
```
